CapeMan SUmmary

A kid that grew up whatching superhero movies wants to become a superhero when he turns 18, so he turns 18 and decides to grab a cheesecloth, put it on as a cape, and become CapeMan.

He goes to the streets and starts beating up delinquents and criminals, people film him, and he becomes popular in the internet, people start theorising that he has super strength or some other sort of super power.

Crime rates go down, they fear CapeMan. So some delinquents turn to a mysterious scientist that has a plan to conquer the city.

CapeMan is congratulated by the Mayor, and given various awards, he becomes chief of police and the symbol of piece for the city.

But one they, when investigating on his own, a thief approaches him and tries to steal his Cape, CapeMan, resists, but fails and the thief succesfully steals it.

However she quickly realizes that it's worthless cheese cloth(She though it might have been some expensive fabric). The thief (Who I will now call "Smart") engages in a conversation with CapeMan, in which she reveals to CapeMan that delinquents are actually victims.

(It's a good time to mention that although CapeMan has good intentions and a good heart, he is really dumb, and he doesn't think much about what he does, he doesn't know that the city thinks he has superpowers, and he doesn't question the fact that he is beating up criminals because he saw it in superhero cartoons so he thinks he is on the right.)

So CapeMan is shockes, he decides he wants to help criminals instead of beating them up. Smart tells him that he should start by trying to convince the mayor to do things to decrease poverty, so that people wouldn't have to resort to crime. And CapeMan decides to call for a speach, where he will call out the injustices that he now knows about.

The next day in the speach, he calls out the mayor, and he comes to the podium, and responds to CapeMan saying that he is already doing his best. CapeMan then says that if he is doing his best, criminals shouldn't be this plentifull, and the crowd agrees.

Now the focus cuts to the mayor, whose name is Rick, Rick has a lot of money, he became the mayor, and he is very selfish with his money, he never invests in the city more than he needs to, and he doesn't like that CapeMan is pressing him to care about the city.

But a mysterious scientist comes to play now, Rick wonders how the scientist came here, but the scientist does not answer that question, the scientist tells Rick his story

(His Story: He was a boy from a town, it was a happy and simple town, with green grass and a shining sun. his family was poor, but they were happy together. He got bullied all the time at shcool, and his family was hated because they were rumoured to have whitchcraft descendance/ancestry. Basically the entire town hated them for no reason other than that. One day, The boy and his sister were playing in the park, where the sister slightly lifted a leaf from the palm of her hand, using magic. SO, the entire town burned her and the mother, because of witchcraft)

After that, he decided to call himself Mr Hate, from the hate he had to suffer from. Rick was only half listening, towards the end, but he asks Hate why he is here. Hate says that he wants to help Rick take control of the city again, Hate says that he needs to enforce his laws more, with more police force, and Rick likes that idea.

Rick is good with money and economics, but not so much with politics, that is why he didn't do this before, but with the help of Mr Hate, he basically installed a dictatorship where Mr Hate used Rick's money to hire police and improve their equipment, making them more powerful. Rick liked this a lot.

CapeMan didn't, he saw finally saw very clearly that Rick was the evil one all along. Rick, Mr Hate, CapeMan, and Smart all found each other at a park(or some place I don't know). Mr Hate and Rick where taunting CapeMan, since they knew he couldn't do anything against them, CapeMan attacked them, but Mr Hate pinned him down and stomped on his face over and over again.

Until Rick intervened, it was too much even for him. Then Mr Hate also kicked Rick, revealing that he was planning to betray him as soon as he had already established the dicatorship. Before he can do anymore damage, Smart, Rick, and CapeMan escape.

Rick tells the two others about what he remembers of Mr Hate's backstory, he also tells them that Mr Hate has been building something that could be insanely dangerous and that he should be stopped as fast as possible. CapeMan then decides to go to Mr Hate's town of origin to see if he can find anything useful there, while Smart and Rick will try to hold them off, but Rick decides to leave, admitting that he is a coward.

CapeMan is fine with it, and he embarks on his journey towards Mr Hate's town, when he arrives there, the town is nothing like Mr Hate first described it, it had ash instead of grass, and it was always cloudy with a sooty smell. After he arrives, the scene cuts to Smart preparing a revolution against Mr Hate, and at the end of this scene, he manages to build some sort of revolting team that will demonstrate against Mr Hate in hopes to delay whatever his evil plans are.

Back to CapeMan asks random citizens for help, if they know who Mr Hate is, or if they know of a boy whose sister was accused for witchcraft, but everyone just looks at him with a cold face and moves on, this continues until someone kicks him and leaves him in the ash. 

Back to Smart, the demonstration is grabbing everyone's attention, and people are joining, it starts to get the attention of some guards who inform Mr Hate about the issue, Mr Hate sends the order to open fire.

Back to CapeMan, CapeMan wakes up inside some Man's home, the Man is kind and he offers some coffee to CapeMan, CapeMan accepts, and the Man asks what he is doing here, because he doesn't look from around here. CapeMan says that there is a villain in his city, he goes by the name of Mr Hate, and he tells the Man Mr Hate's backstory, the Man appears to know the story saying that Mr Hate's mother was the only one that could calm Mr Hate whenever he got angry at the world, too bad his mother was burned. CapeMan, in a desperate attempt, asks where the mother used to live, maybe he can ask the ghost of the mother, but the Man tells him that dealing with ghosts is a bad idea, specially th ghosts of witches, so he refuses to tell CapeMan. CapeMan insists, but the Man won't give in, so Cape Man does the only thing he can do right now, head back to the city.

Back in the city, there is Chaos, people are getting shot all over the place, and Mr Hate lauphs behind it all, but Smart reaches Mr Hate, and she questions him about what he is building, Mr Hate tells her that he is building nukes that he will shoot out onto the world, which will make the world destroy itself. Smart asks why, and Mr Hate says that it's because the entire world hates him, and he tried being kind to the world as a kid, but that took his mother and sister away, so now he is fighting against the world. Smart tells him that it is stupid to assume everyone hates him, but then Mr Hate tells her "I bet you hate me" and he charges towards Smart. And they spar for a bit, until, CapeMan arrives, it's 2 vs 1 and Mr Hate does not have his guards with him this time. But an assistant comes to tell Mr Hate that the bombs are ready, Mr Hate is about to run to his lair when Rick comes out from the inside and pushes him, CapeMan and Smart are surprised to see Rick here, but he says that he felt too guilty leaving them there, and he decided to show up. Mr Hate tries to charge through them, but they all push him back, so Mr Hate calls for back ups.

A 3 vs 1 ensues, where Mr Hate is very clearly losing, but then guards surround our heroes, and everything seems to be over as Mr hate heads to his lair, but from the other side of the stage, the dad approaches and tells Mr Hate to stop. Mr Hate then says "Dad?" revealing THE MAN's true identity, Mr Hate calls him a traitor, and a coward for not trying to stop the town from killing his mother and sister, but the dad just comes closer as Mr Hate has a breakdown while insulting his dad, and his dad just hugs him, comforting him just like his mother used to. 

Here I like to have an idea where the mother and the sister could appear as ghosts and also hug Mr Hate, which would appease their souls. BUt I don't know how possible that is.

And the play ends there.


CHARACTERS

CapeMan
Rick (Mayor)
Smart (a thief)
Mr Hate (Mysterious scientist)
Mr Hate's Dad (The Man)

Side
Assistant
Robbers and thiefs
Guards and policemen
Revolutionary

This would be my first draft of an actualy possible play, I say this because my first story involved Mr Hate making some kind of futuristic technology and ruling the city with it, instead of installing a dicatorship, which was really hard to convey through theatre, but I find a dictatorship por possible.